# Root

## Architecture
The architecture demonstrated here is heavily influenced by Sass's 7-1 architecture [Architecture](http://sass-guidelin.es/#architecture). The pattern here follows that of what is popular in React and other Frontend frameworks - seperation by concern.

We seperate CSS *partials* (more on this below) based on what they are concerned with.

## File Naming Convention
As you can see a lot of the css files are named with a leading underscore (_), for example: `_card.css`. This underscore has significance, it denotes that this file is a *partial*. 

### WTF is a partial
A partial simply put is file that is not able to be used by itself. For example, we couldn't import `_card.css` into our `index.css` or `app.tsx (in React)` as it relies on properties and vars from other partials.

## Style.csss
The main file (usually labelled `main.css`) should be the only CSS file from the whole code base not to begin with an underscore. This file should not contain anything but `@import` and comments.

Because of what we mentioned above (render blocking), we never import this file either into our `index.html`. Instead we use a `task runner` such as `gulp` or `grunt`, to minify our CSS and generate one optimised file (`style.css`).

### Advanced (Things to note)
It's critical that we always serve the built (the version generated by our task runner) verion of the css. This is because CSS is render blocking and the use of `@import` causes each imported css partial to be loaded sequentially rather than in parralel.

[Render Blocking CSS](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/render-blocking-css)
